♪♪
I meet this guy,
his name is Matthew
and he's really nice.
(giggling)
I love you.
Why do you talk
to women like this?
How about you kiss my ass?
How about that?
Okay, there it is.
You gonna talk (bleep),
come talk (bleep) to my face.
Don't be saying it
from a distance.
That is so offensive.
I'm not gonna put up
with it from anybody.
Why you call him a (bleep)?
What's up?
(laughing)
♪♪
(Jeremiah)
Panama City Beach!
♪♪
I don't like people using
words like that.
Are you (bleep)--
That's something
that sparks me.
And you ain't gonna do
(bleep) about it,
so sit down.
I knocked the hat off.
No, you did not.
You ain't gonna do
(bleep) about it.
What's up?
Oh, hell, no.
(overlapping shouting)
What's up?
You are out of here!
Come on, where he at?
No, where he at?!
No, where he at?
I'm gonna (bleep)
him up right here.
No, where he at?
(shouting continues)
Come on, where he at?
I'm gonna (bleep) him up!
(Jeremiah)
What is going on here?
Another fight again?
God damn it!
No, bro.
We're getting kicked out
for defending Gus,
and this situation sucks
because I don't want to be,
like, this crazy woman
in front of Matthew.
It's literally
not who I am as a person.
Thank you.
What the (bleep)
even happened?
♪♪
Oh, my God, PMS Kortni
done came the (bleep) out.
Hey, man,
I love you, bro.
I'm tired of fighting.
I didn't even have time
to find a huncher tonight.
My brother will be here
tomorrow afternoon,
like, right around 1:00.
Oh, perfect.
Is he hot?
I just want somebody
to hook up with
and not ever talk to.
When my brother comes,
there it is.
(laughing)
(grunting)
Un-uh, I'm never
coming down here again
with you boys
in the-- Un-uh!
You want a hunching,
you ain't hunching.
(Nilsa groans)
(Nilsa)
Jeremiah is hot as hell,
so hopefully Josh is also
very good looking,
but just without Jeremiah's
corny personality.
I just beat the (bleep)
out of that dude.
Beat the (bleep)
out of him.
My girl.
Give me a hug.
I swear to God I did, y'all.
I beat the (bleep)
out of that dude.
(Kirk)
I love it, 'cause
all of us will take
each other's back
at the end of the day.
(Jeremiah)
When I go to a bar,
I'm not looking for a fight
and neither should they
We're out there to have
a good time and drink.
I'll make this
commence right now.
We all obviously
love each other enough
to fight for each other.
We have each other's back.
I don't give a (bleep)
how wrong you are.
If I don't know the person
that you're wrong against,
(bleep) that person,
I'm with you.
You're like family to me.
That's how I look at life.
But, no, no--
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
No, let me say something,
all right?
Whatcha gonna say?
In a situation, let's say
one of us is wrong.
I'm gonna pull that dude,
that chick aside
and I'm gonna be like,
"Look, we need to go
and we need to
(bleep) talk about it."
That's what I'm saying!
I'm not about to
escalate (bleep)
because one of us is wrong
and I have to (bleep)...
You're not getting
what I'm saying.
I get it, like, you're
being, like, a good guy.
Whatever, like, yeah,
it makes sense.
It's like, sometimes
just live a little.
Like, just sit back
and talk some (bleep).
Like, just-- just laugh
about some things sometimes.
Like, not everything always
has to be a lecture.
If somebody is wrong
in the scenario, bro,
we have to stop everything
instead of escalate (bleep).
It's not ev-- It's not even
about who swings first.
At the end of the day,
we family.
I have their back
to a certain extent,
but you're not gonna make
a fool out of yourself
and then expect to get
dug out of the hole
that you just
brought yourself in.
Jeremiah, I'm not--
I don't wanna call you out.
I wanna-- I don't
wanna be no ass(bleep)
or nothing like that,
but when the (bleep)
popped off
the other night,
my man Kirk,
we all had his back.
You don't know me, bro.
I'm from Atlanta.
I'll knock you
the (bleep) out!
But...
You didn't-- You don't
think that I had his back?
No, I really don't.
How do you feel that?
I thought you jetted.
I thought you got
into the cab.
I thought you was like,
"It ain't worth it.
It's not worth it."
I mean, it's (bleep)
bull(bleep).
And that's all--
That's all
I'm trying to say.
I just wanted
to throw it out there.
I mean, 'cause we're
all family--
Well, I honestly
don't feel like you
saw the whole situation.
It doesn't matter.
You gonna (bleep) fight
for that son of a bitch.
(Codi)
When the altercation
was going on,
Jeremiah was
nowhere to be found.
So I just wanna make sure that
you're gonna have our backs.
I mean, you're
the biggest guy here.
Hey, cap, I'm gonna talk
to you one-on-one, bro,
'cause I feel like
you don't get it.
(Jeremiah)
No, I get it.
I'm not worried
about those consequences,
'cause I will take
the consequences
as they come,
because I'll (bleep)
take a bullet for you,
(bleep) take a bullet
for you.
But see, the thing of it
is for me...
I live through my family.
I don't my brother seeing me
(bleep) locked in jail
just for fighting at a bar
because I got too drunk
to understand
what I was doing.
Anytime I see people
trying to start (bleep)
at the bar with me,
I see my little brothers,
and I see how that (bleep)
can affect them
and set them
on a different path.
I have two younger brothers
that look up to me.
I don't plan to make
one stupid mistake at a bar
just because somebody
wanted a fight
and antagonized somebody.
I know Codi was, like,
trying to understand
the situation,
but this is the stuff
I deal with my entire life.
Yeah, and you're gonna
continue to-- you know,
as you get bigger,
you gonna deal
with it more, (bleep).
I understand that,
but at the same time,
people don't understand
why I choose to--
to deal with situations
the way that I do.
Yeah.
(Candace)
Jeremiah's that type of guy.
He's going to stick up
for what's right, period.
And it has nothing to do
with the fact
that I'm n--
ready to throw down.
It has nothing to do
with that.
It's just that I know
that I have other people...
Yeah.
That look up to me.
At least my housemates,
I hope they understand
as far as, like,
what stand I'm trying to take.
(sniffles)
It's not the fact
that I can start a fight,
or finish a fight
or whatever the case is.
It's just that I want them
to know that...
(sniffles)
There are certain ways
you handle yourself, you know?
Just because I'm bigger
doesn't mean I need to fight.
I mean--
You're right.
I promise you.
Come here.
Jeremiah, I promise you
I understand.
I promise you I understand.
I'm still trying
every day, you know,
to be that better person.
(breathes deeply)
If all of us thought
that way in the house,
we wouldn't have
these problems.
I got.
So you're good, okay?
All right.
(Jeremiah)
Coming up...
You're beautiful.
I haven't hooked up
with somebody in years.
In my bed.
(Josh grunting)
Oh, (bleep)!
(overlapping shouts)
No!
(Kirk)
In reality, I wouldn't
even look at her twice.
Who?
Aimee.
As if Aimee needs more
help to (bleep) on herself.
That's (bleep) to me.
If you don't like it,
then don't ask
my (bleep) opinion
about something.
♪♪
(line ringing)
(Josh)
Yolo.
Howdy, boy.
My brother Josh is
definitely my best friend.
Growing up, my brother's
always had my back,
and he understands
where I'm coming from,
why I do the things
that I do.
He's my gym partner
and he's my boy.
So I have you jotted down
already to come.
Aw, man, I can't wait
to see you.
This is gonna be awesome.
I know, man.
All right, buddy, I'll talk
to you later, okay, man?
All right, bud, love you.
Love you, too.
Bye.
♪♪
(line ringing)
(Pete)
Hello?
Yeah, man,
so I was just calling
to, uh, get the hook up
on a pontoon boat today.
Yeah, no problem at all.
You know, we had a lot
of drama in the house,
and I feel like it would
be a good time
for us to go out and do
something away from here.
Boat day!
Wake up.
I'm excited, you know,
let them know, like,
what locals do, and what
beach service guys do
on their days off is take
pontoon boats out.
It's a lot of fun.
You get wasted.
You go to Shell Island.
See some dolphins.
Family, friends,
drinking a little bit.
Do they have
a bathroom on Shell Island?
'Cause what if you have
to take a (bleep)?
(bleep) in the water,
but be careful
'cause (bleep) floats, trust.
I'm not (bleep) in the water.
That's nasty.
I've done it.
You just swim
really fast away.
Have you ridden
on a boat before?
I really don't wanna go.
Like, I promise you,
y'all can go.
Where's that sunscreen at?
I need somebody
to lather me up, please.
I'm gonna take my shirt off.
I want you to do my whole body.
Okay, this is 50,
but you're so white,
that we need to do it,
like, three times
so it'll be 150.
That's right.
Get it good.
That's 150.
150...
150.
We better do 1,000
on your stomach.
(Codi)
I'm really pasty,
I'm real white,
and I don't put
enough sunscreen on,
I will be like one of those
lobsters at a restaurant,
and everybody wants
that lobster
because he's the reddest
and he's the juiciest.
That would be me.
Okay.
Pfft!
(Aimee laughing)
(spitting)
You got it on my lips.
Come on, as soon as the car
is parked, we can go.
Check these out.
♪♪
(Nilsa)
All right, y'all, let's go!
We're going on a boat,
bitches!
We are gonna have
so much fun today.
Where do we get
our boat from?
(Kirk)
Let's go.
We gotta go this way.
(Candace)
Is there a way that, like,
y'all could go
and I could just, like,
watch y'all?
(Kirk)
I don't think so.
(Aimee)
Come on, Candace.
I'm not excited at all to go
to Shell Island.
(Candace)
I do not do water.
I don't do boats.
I don't do fish.
I don't do sharks, none of that.
Like, when I had screen savers,
my screen savers
was pictures of land,
not water.
I don't want to go.
(Aimee)
Come on, I'm not gon' let
nothing happen to you.
Come on.
(Candace)
I've seen "Titanic,"
and I know how that ends,
so I just,
I'm not feeling it.
Sir, is there sharks out there?
Yeah, there's sharks
out there, baby.
This is the ocean.
Are you serious?
Yes, it's the ocean.
Do sharks eat black people?
I don't think
they discriminate.
Lord Jesus.
(Kirk laughs)
All right,
y'all ready to rock?
Let's do it.
All right, let's go.
Let's go. Let's go.
Whoo!
I-I really need a paper bag.
(Candace breathing heavily)
(Aimee laughs)
(Jeremiah)
Beautiful day.
There's the "Titanic."
Look.
(horn blows)
Yoo-hoo!
I'm the bird whisperer.
(Aimee screeches)
(Codi)
This sun is, like,
extremely hot
and will, like,
cook your ass in, like, minutes.
I need SPF, like, 1 million.
Stop.
Them are hood birds.
Once you feed 'em one time,
they just keep coming back.
Oh, there it is!
Woo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
(Nilsa)
Ooh, this is a island?
(Kirk)
Whoo!
(champagne cork pops)
(Aimee)
Candace made it here alive!
(Jeremiah)
I'll drink to that.
To Shell Island!
(cheering)
(Jeremiah)
I am so excited
to be here right now.
After everything
that's transpired
the past two days,
it's definitely something
that we need as a group.
Aimee, you wanna go
and get some starfish?
Yeah, where's my binoculars?
Whoo!
(Codi)
Are y'all exploring?
(man)
♪ Leave your troubles
all behind ♪
♪ It's summer vibes,
get together for good times ♪
♪ Leave your troubles
all behind... ♪♪
(Candace)
How you do that?
Aah!
(Candace screams and laughs)
(Aimee)
I am loving this boat trip
right now.
It's so fun scuba diving,
and it is so beautiful.
I'm seeing all kinds of crabs.
(Jeremiah)
You mother(bleep).
Where do you think you're going,
mother(bleep)?
Let's cook him and eat him,
for real.
(Kirk)
I see everyone else is
in the water,
looking for shells,
swimming out, you know?
Even Candace is in the water
on a floaty.
Look, Candace, come here.
Put your goggles on.
Look, there's a school
of fish.
Yo, I'm not moving!
Son of a (bleep) bitch.
(Aimee)
What happened?
I've got my (bleep) wallet in my
pocket the whole (bleep) time.
Damn!
Son of a bitch.
This the only card
I'm worried about--
that American Express.
Had to pre-qualify
for that (bleep).
(Codi)
In the lake back home,
it wouldn't be that big
of a deal 'cause, oh,
it's just like freshwater,
but here,
this is saltwater,
you know?
Saltwater can, like, eat stuff.
And I don't want to lose my
12-months free, no interest.
Y'all, Candace is
way the hell out there.
What is that?
♪♪
(Kirk)
Oh, (bleep)!
(Aimee)
What?
I just saw a fin.
I was like, "Candace!"
Did you see that?
Oh, I just seen it!
(Candace)
What is that?
(overlapping shouting)
Oh, my God!
It's gonna come get me!
(Kortni)
Put your feet up!
I can't!
It's after me!
Ah, (bleep).
My bad.
Bro, I'm done.
I'm done.
That's it.
I'm through, I'm done.
Baby!
I'm done in the water.
That's it.
That's enough for me.
I'm done.
(Gus)
Everybody ready or what?
(Jeremiah)
Let's do it.
I had so much fun.
I did too.
I just had to get out
of the sun.
(Codi)
It was a fantastic day.
Everybody got along.
We're not having any drama.
We're not fighting at all,
and I didn't get burned.
Oh, you mother(bleep).
(Nilsa)
Get me off this damn boat.
I need a nap.
♪♪
(groaning)
Oh, man.
So are you and Kayla Jo
gonna get serious?
Not serious, but I don't mind
hanging out with her,
having her over.
That's cool.
Well, at least you found you
a little boo thing
for the summer.
Did you hanky-pank Kayla Jo?
No, she's a, uh, nice lady.
With this whole
Kayla Jo situation,
it was just meant to be fun--
that's all it was.
You know, I'll still be friends
with her, for sure,
but I am on a mission
to find babes, all right?
(Kirk)
Did you try?
Yeah.
(Candace chuckles)
That's all that matters.
(Candace)
I can't believe Jeremiah's
already done with Kayla Jo,
but Matthew hasn't asked me out
on a date, so, you know,
I don't know how I'm feeling
about Matthew.
I haven't called Matthew yet.
Why not?
I don't know.
I want to talk to him,
and then I'll invite him over.
Y'all got me out here
expressing my feelings.
I ain't drinking with y'all
no more.
(Candace)
I'm concerned because
he saw me acting, like,
bat-(bleep) crazy
at the club last night.
So, hopefully he'll forget
about it, I hope.
I told him, I was like,
"I'm drunk."
It's weird, like, what alcohol
does to your, like, mind.
(laughter)
♪♪
(phone line trilling)
At this point,
I know Matthew is feeling me,
and I'm feeling him,
so I just feel like, you know,
I guess I should take
a step forward
'cause I feel like he's scared.
Hello?
Hey, it's Candace.
Hey, what up?
Hey, what are you doing today?
We'll be coming down
to the beach.
Well, our backyard is
the beach, so, hey!
You should come over
and see the house.
Sounds cool, yeah.
I ain't got nothing else
planned 'cause I'm off today.
I love your hair like that.
Oh, thank you.
I just wanna come
and do like this-- can I?
Uh-huh.
Yeah, I'll stop by
and hang out with y'all then.
We can definitely hit the beach
and everything.
Okay, cool, yeah.
I am very happy that Matthew was
not turned off
by the craziness
from last night,
so I'm looking forward to,
you know,
whatever he's willing to offer
for today.
All right, sounds good.
All right, bye.
♪♪
(Candace)
Matthew's gonna come over here,
I'm gonna have to clean.
I can't.
So that's why the hair
looks so good.
No, no-no-no-no-no...
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God,
she on X Games mode.
...no-no-no-no-no-no.
Oh, my God.
My hair looks good. Stop.
Tickle-tickle-tickle...
(both laughing)
Stop!
I think Candy's catching
the feels for Matthew.
Coming through,
cleaning everything.
Yeah, uh-huh,
out of all the days,
decide to put your hair up,
you gon' put your hair up
when Matthew's coming.
And all the days you wanna
deep-clean the kitchen,
you gon' do it
when Matthew's coming.
No, but-- no, I would do this
if my friends were coming.
Uh-huh, you ain't got to lie
to kick it.
No, I was gonna do this if my
friends was coming too though.
This kitchen dirty
and y'all know it is.
If your friends was coming,
you'd have cleaned too.
Nope.
She gon' say she isn't,
but she is.
It makes sense.
If y'all bring people over,
I wouldn't want anybody
to see the house
like the way we leave it.
♪♪
(Aimee)
My Ipsy bag came in today.
I need to call this dumbass
and make him give my mail
to my mama.
Every time I talk to my ex,
when I have to talk about mail
or something, I hate it.
I really don't want anything
else to do with this guy.
Hello?
Hey, Logan.
Um, my Ipsy bag has came in
and all my mail and stuff.
I need you to give it to--
I don't think--
Do what now?
I don't think you're
getting them anymore.
Yes, I do.
Well, they ain't been coming in
to the mailbox.
It came in there in May,
and I went and got it out
of the mailbox myself.
All right, dude.
Um, I want you to give 'em
to your mom or my mom
so we don't have to see
each other when I get back.
All right, dude.
Thank you.
♪♪
(woman)
♪ Love and hate
is all the same... ♪
(Aimee)
I don't know what it is.
I'm finding it harder to move on
from my ex than I thought.
It makes me feel weak.
It crushes my heart.
(woman)
♪ Who calls it love?
Who calls it love? ♪
♪ That leaves us all
in pain... ♪♪
I lost my virginity to this guy.
He was my first everything.
I've been with Logan
for ten years.
I called my ex,
and now I'm in my feelings.
Why?
'Cause how could someone
that I love so much
have a baby on me?
When I found out that he had
been cheating on me
with all these people--
my friends, my cousins,
uh, got this girl pregnant--
I felt like everybody
betrayed me.
People thought it was funny,
and I was walking around,
looking like a fool.
I left with garbage bags
of clothes.
That's what I left with.
When it comes to relationships
and stuff like that,
I know you spent those--
those ten years,
it was a preparation for you
for somebody else.
And I'm not-- I know you
don't want kids,
but at the end of the day, like,
you do want to spend your life
with somebody else that's about
to do right by you,
you know what I'm saying?
You know what hurt feels like,
so you would never do that
to anybody else, I would hope.
I wouldn't.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I just don't want to be
with anybody right now.
You don't need to be,
not right now.
It's too fresh.
You need to--
But I do need some (bleep).
I understand that too.
(Candace)
You know what?
Aimee's always cute.
She does have the whole package.
She's everything--
the personality, the looks,
um... the vulgarities.
So, basically, she just needs
to put herself out there,
and I think she'll find
the man of her dreams.
And that's what you here for.
It's the land of it.
You get you some (bleep),
you keep it moving,
you keep it pushing.
♪♪
(doorbell rings)
(Nilsa)
Ring-a-ding-ding!
Someone's here!
(Aimee)
Hey, Matthew!
How you doing?
Hello!
How are you doing?
Good?
Good.
(Candace)
Matthew wants to spend the day
with me.
I've only seen him in the club,
so I would like
to get to know him better,
see what his intentions are,
and get to know him outside
the club atmosphere.
Y'all got a killer-ass view.
(Candace)
I know, right?
And then we have, like,
our own griller that we hire.
Hey, I like that.
Personal trainer
and a griller.
No, I'm just joking.
(laughter)
What's up, Matthew?
Hey, what up, man?
Where does your family
live at?
Mine? Um, New Jersey.
Mmm.
I live right by Philly.
Why'd you leave Jersey?
Yeah, I got stationed here.
Oh, you're in the military?
Yes, I am.
That's cool, okay.
How old are you? 26?
I'll be 31 in August.
Damn, son.
Keeping it clean, man!
(Candace laughs)
I don't feel it.
I don't look it.
And that's a good thing.
Yeah.
Black don't crack, so...
(Candace)
He's starting off good.
He's a cute guy.
He's older.
He has a job.
You know, it's hard for me
to find people with jobs.
So do you like long walks
on the beach?
I do.
All right, 'cause that's what
we about to do.
She's blushing.
No, I don't!
I'm too black to.
No, you're not.
You're a redbone.
(Aimee)
Matthew is a really nice guy.
And he's in the military.
He is in the military.
(gasps)
I think you should give him
the cookie.
Uh, uh, no.
We not giving him no cookies
this early.
I gotta see
what he talking about.
I gotta see if he have kids,
what his history look like.
So you ever
been married before?
Nope.
Really?
You seem like the type
that would've been.
Never been married,
no kids,
never had any pregnant scares.
What's wrong with you?
Uh, no!
(Matthew laughs)
No, I'm perfectly clean
and healthy.
So, like, why haven't anybody
found you yet?
Eh...
'Cause you spend so much time
at the strip club, that's why.
No, that ain't the reason.
I mean, I barely even go.
Like, I go every now and then.
Oh, like, every other day?
Eh...
Oh, so you be hanging out
at the strip club?
Uh... gentlemen's club.
You hanging?
I hang out
at the gentlemen's club.
It's a strip club.
Yeah, okay, strip club.
You hang out
at the strip club?
Hell yeah,
the big-booty clubs.
You like strippers?
Hell yeah.
♪ I love these strippers hey ♪♪
You like strippers?
Yeah.
♪♪
(Candace)
Matthew liking the strip club,
that was a huge turn-off
for me,
'cause I come from
a very conservative home.
So, I'm just kinda like,
all right, mm.
But I'll say like...
I might go
and get a couple drinks
or something.
Mm-hmm.
Chill.
You don't have sex
with them, though.
Uh... not supposed to.
Okay.
I'm not like Nilsa
and everybody else in the house,
where I just want to bang
somebody and, you know, roll.
I would actually like
to find
a nice, decent person
that I can have
a relationship with.
Oh, wow.
I'm big on hygiene,
so...
Good.
Just good.
I trim mine.
I think... I stay trimmed.
You trim it?
Mm-hmm. Like, I'm not
talking about the frank,
I'm talkin' about
the beans.
Feel me?
Yeah.
Almost like how, like,
my hair right here and here,
I keep it trim.
Keep it low.
Wow.
Got you.
So it would like, you know,
it smells good and everything.
If anybody goes
down there, like,
you know, they ain't got
to worry about anything.
Got you.
Okay.
Oh God, no, Matthew don't need
to be telling me that.
Man, it feels
so good out here.
It does feel good.
Ooh!
(Candace)
He needs some flirting skills.
And he kind of reminds me
of Jeremiah.
Like, he didn't want to...
he couldn't stop looking
at other girls.
I'm like...
(snaps fingers)
Bitch, I'm here,
you know what I mean?
Damn.
♪♪
(Aimee)
I had a dream last night
that somebody put
their toe in my cookie.
I think that's how bad
I need sex,
'cause that is an awful,
awful dream.
I had sex dreams
last night, too.
Who?
Who would have a dream
about somebody sticking
a toe in a cookie?
Who was the guy?
I don't know.
Did they look
like military?
I don't remember.
See, sometimes I can't depict
my dreams from reality.
It's been so tough this summer
to find a good guy to hunch.
Like, there is none.
There has to be a barrel-chested
freedom fighter somewhere.
Like, when am I going to get
the hunch?
I had a dream about someone
(bleep) my cookie.
And I looked down
and all I saw was hair.
(laughing)
And it wasn't my hair.
(laughter)
♪♪
All right, so, so,
you know, see y'all later.
All right.
Say bye to everybody.
(Gus)
All right, dawg.
I'll see you tonight.
Yes, sir, and we'll
turn it up, definitely.
Yeah, okay.
I will see you later.
All right, baby girl.
(laughter)
You tried it, look at you.
All right, bye.
(Candace)
You were cool to dance with
and have fun with,
but this wasn't
what I expected at all.
So, I'm just like, well...
(chuckles)
Mission failed.
It's done.
♪♪
(Codi)
I wonder what Jeremiah's brother
is gonna be like.
I wonder if he has better
dance moves than Jeremiah.
(chuckles)
What do you think?
Who knows?
We'll see.
I think that he's gonna
be way different.
I think he's gonna be
a lot different, too.
I think he will, too.
Less dweeby.
(Codi)
"Less dweeby"?
(both chuckling)
If Josh is just like Jeremiah,
I don't know
what I'm going to do
'cause Jeremiah's
already enough.
This is the one that was
in the military, right?
(Kortni)
Mm-hmm.
I didn't know that.
Yeah.
So, Nilsa's gonna
try to hunch?
Probably.
She loves a...
man in uniform.
Mm-hmm.
I'm imagining two big,
strong white guys, like,
dappin' each other and,
I don't know, just screaming.
♪♪
(knocking on door)
(Jeremiah)
Whoo! Yeah!
(Josh)
(bleep)!
Whoo-whoo-whoo-whoo!
Yes!
(Jeremiah)
Get in!
You son of a bitch!
(laughter)
What's up, buddy?
Not much.
Exactly.
God damn!
Nice friggin' tank top.
You just (bleep).
Nice friggin' shirt.
It's what I do, man.
It's all I do.
(Gus)
Oh, what's good, brother?
What's goin' on, man?
I'm Josh, buddy.
Gus. I'll stick
to Gus, man.
Gus! Gus!
(Nilsa)
I hear everyone going crazy
downstairs,
and I'm like,
okay, all right,
Jeremiah's brother Josh
is here.
This is Candace,
AKA Candy Girl.
Hello! Hi.
Don't stand up. It's okay,
don't worry about it.
Oh, how you doing? Oh!
It's all good.
God...
You look nice.
God, your hair
is amazing.
Thank you.
Josh does kind of look
like Jeremiah
with a bad haircut.
(Kortni)
He's got something funky
going on on the back
of his head.
It's like a rat tail.
This is Codi, AKA...
Codi!
What's up, man?
What's up, bro?
Take me out.
I'm ready.
Dude, I'm diggin' the beard.
Thank you.
I like it.
I like it, too.
(distant chatter)
(Jeremiah)
Nilsa, get down here!
I can't believe you're
here right now, (bleep).
This is awesome.
(Nilsa)
So, I walk downstairs.
I get one look
at Josh and I'm thinkin',
he is a barrel-chested
freedom fighter!
This is what
I've been looking for.
(Jeremiah laughing)
Well, hello.
Hi, how are you?
Hi, I'm Nilsa.
I'm Josh.
very nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
Uh, well, I'm gonna go
take a shower,
'cause I haven't
had one today.
It's okay, you smell good.
It's all right, man,
you're good.
(Nilsa)
But, I kinda want to be,
like, distant,
so he doesn't think that
I'm like, oh, God, drooling.
We're going
to Club La Vela tonight.
What is that?
(Aimee)
It's fun.
They got, like,
go-go dancers up there,
you know,
shakin' their thing.
I'll probably be up there.
If there's poles,
I'm on it.
Very nice. I like her
already, she's nice.
So far, my plan seems
to be working out just fine.
You got a lot
of energy in there.
Nice lady.
(both chuckling)
Coming up...
(Aimee)
Are you single?
Yes.
Do you have kids?
No.
Do you (bleep) ass?
(women laughing)
Aimee, this is why
we can't go to nice places.
So, where am I
sleeping tonight?
In my bed.
In your bed?
You're sleeping
in my bed.
♪♪
(gulls squawking)
(Jeremiah)
You want to check out
the place, bro?
Mm-hmm.
Show me around.
We can go outside
if you want to.
Mm-hmm.
(Candace)
Oh, outside is beautiful.
(Jeremiah)
It's awesome to have
my brother here because,
these seven people
in the house,
they don't know me
like my brother does.
They don't know where
I come from,
how I was raised,
but my brother Josh does.
Immediately, everybody,
like, had their own,
uh, perception of me.
Of course.
Obviously.
And, uh, the homeschooling
thing came up.
(laughing)
Yeah. (laughing)
That's too freakin'
good, man.
Honestly, they thought
I was more privileged
because I was
homeschooled.
I basically had to lay down
the law and say, hey, no.
This is where I came from.
Talkin' dollar menu, son.
Talkin' dollar menu
at McDonald's!
But no, I mean,
in all seriousness, man,
like, there have been
other allegations,
you know, that, um...
Oh, God.
I talk down to people
and stuff like that.
The guys, they're cool.
I mean, I can cut with them.
But some of the women...
You try and cut with Nilsa
or Aimee,
it's apparently
talking down to them
and it's degrading women.
And Nilsa's definitely
the one that has
the most emotion out of it.
A lot of drama.
That's the one
that's in the...
the tan, right?
Yeah, it's the one
that, uh,
like, ignored you the second
she walked through.
Ah, very nice.
Attitude. Love it.
Yeah.
His brother is hot.
But... the only thing is,
his brother is built exactly
like my ex.
His frame, everything.
But I like his vibe.
She! She!
Ah!
Joshua Buoni,
AKA J-Bone,
is here in
Panama City Beach, bro!
(both making silly noise)
And jab!
Ah!
God, this place
is frickin' awesome, dude.
♪♪
(Jeremiah)
Are we ready?
We're gonna be going
to Pineapple Willy's.
(Aimee)
Let's go.
(Jeremiah)
I wish they had, like,
explanations for these.
(Josh)
There's starters,
there's, like...
What is "'Nawlins"?
"'Nawlins" is New Orleans.
I feel special right now.
I feel really special.
(Aimee)
Were you
homeschooled too?
No, not at all.
I went to public school.
Just kidding.
Yes, I was.
(Josh)
Like, really?
Like, seriously?
Come on, let's get real.
Just wondering.
Josh, he is the complete
opposite of Jeremiah.
His personality, his looks,
everything.
Homeschool lifestyle, baby.
Homeschool lifestyle!
Yes, squad.
(Josh)
You should see my (bleep).
It's very small.
(laughing)
I just say
some stupid (bleep).
For some reason,
people like that.
I don't get it.
I have no idea.
I don't think either one of
these homeschool freaks are fun.
(Gus)
So, what branch were you in?
The Marine Corps.
The Marine Corps?
Mm-hmm.
Thank you for my freedom.
Yeah, okay.
(Aimee)
She loves barrel-chested
freedom fighters.
(Nilsa)
Shut up!
I don't have
the barrel chest,
unfortunately,
but if I did...
I think Nilsa is
in inspection mode.
She's, like,
feeling him out.
She's a little reserved
at first,
and then she's just gonna
jump on him.
I can see it already.
I can smell it.
(Aimee)
Are you single?
Yes.
Do you have kids?
No.
Do you (bleep) ass?
(women laughing)
Aimee, this is why
we can't go to nice places.
Who doesn't (bleep) ass?
Like...
(all shouting and laughing)
♪♪
(Kortni)
You almost ready,
baby girl?
I am...
I'm ready.
I love that sight.
Not a bad sight at all.
(Kirk)
Let me take one more
shot with your...
(Kortni)
Black cars are here.
(Jeremiah)
We're about to (bleep)
(bleep) up.
You can't handle this (bleep).
Can you dig it?
(bleep) it.
Ah!
Ah, but no,
on a serious note,
glad to have you, buddy.
Ah!
(Jeremiah)
Yo, cream puffs,
we rollin' heavy.
(Aimee)
No fartin', y'all.
Laughing time, so let's go.
♪♪
(Jeremiah)
I'm just hoping that tonight
has less drama than
the other night,
because honestly,
I want to go to a bar
and enjoy my brother's company
and not have to worry
about going back home because
we just got kicked out
of another bar.
♪♪
Go make your move, girl.
You gotta stop bein' scared.
It's hard to just
feel confident in myself
when it comes to guys.
It sucks.
I don't want to be as reserved
as I am, but I'm nervous!
What's up?
Nothin'.
You're really cute.
I like when your hair
is like this.
Crazy.
(Nilsa)
And I haven't hooked up
with somebody in years.
Like, it's a whole new
ball game now.
You're beautiful.
So, where am I
sleeping tonight?
In my bed.
In your bed?
You're sleeping
in my bed.
Dude, you are so cute.
(man)
♪ And I can't see love ♪
Go for it.
(bleep) it.
♪ In my mind, wake up ♪
♪♪
Go for it.
(bleep) it.
(Jeremiah)
Holy cow.
I just hope my brother knows
what he's getting into.
(laughing)
I feel so giddy and so, like,
warm and fuzzy inside,
and I haven't felt
this way in a long time.
(Jeremiah)
Oh, my God.
We're about to head out.
We gotta go.
All right, let's go!
(Nilsa)
Taxi!
I have to pee!
Do not!
(passing horn honking)
Oops, sorry, y'all.
♪♪
(Aimee)
I hope she does.
And you know what?
She's gonna go in there
and she's gonna
(bleep) that guy
and she's gonna make
animal noises
and you know what?
You're gonna be jealous
and you know
what you're gonna do?
(making animal noises)
You know who
you're gonna call?
I'm not a fan of big...
You're gonna call Codi.
No.
And I'm gonna
come in there
and I'm gonna scoop you
off your feet.
Okay, first of all,
I'm not gonna be jealous
because...
I'm gonna wear that
mother(bleep) out.
(Aimee)
No!
I'll have
your toes curled.
I'll have your big toe
curling up like that
right there.
(Aimee)
Codi, I love you
as a brother.
It's never gonna happen.
Don't say never.
It will never.
We will never (bleep).
I love you...
Aimee...
as my (bleep) brother.
I won't (bleep) Kirk,
I won't (bleep) Codi,
I won't (bleep) Jeremiah,
I won't (bleep) Gus.
I don't... I love y'all
as a brother.
I love y'all so deep
in my heart,
but I will never...
I'm not sexually
attracted to y'all.
(Kirk)
Aimee says none of the guys
are her type.
I don't believe her at all.
I think it's just
'cause she's scared
of rejection at this point.
If I wanted to (bleep) you,
Aimee,
I promise you I could.
No, you wouldn't.
I promise you.
I love you to death,
but if you try to run
a game on me, dead.
Like, y'all don't understand,
I love y'all.
Can I be honest with you?
Yes.
In a million years,
with someone else's (bleep),
I would never
want to (bleep) you.
I'ma just be real with you.
(Aimee)
Codi and Kirk are all hurt
'cause I'm not attracted
to either of y'all,
so now they're just
being super extra.
Aimee, what's up?
(Aimee)
I'm tired of people
picking on me.
I don't like anybody
in this house
and I want everybody
to understand that.
(chatter)
Come. Over here.
I'll be like Jesus.
Jesus is, uh...
He's a friend of mine.
Mine too, and he's gonna
be watching our every move.
I hope that doesn't, like,
creep you out or anything.
No.
(Nilsa)
I'm so into this dude,
it's not even funny.
Like, I'm just going to
put him in my bed
and see where it goes
from there.
Mmm!
(kissing)
(Nilsa)
I love that he holds me
and just, like,
(bleep) pulls on me
and kisses me
and he makes me feel
like he really wants me.
(kissing)
I promise you,
I'll (bleep) have you.
What?
Dude, it's how (bleep).
Josh just might be
what I need.
Hey, Josh.
Mmm...
What the (bleep) is going on
up here? (laughs)
(clatter)
Never mind. You guys
keep doing your thing.
He's everything
that Nilsa wants--
my brother Josh,
the barrel-chested freedom
fighter, apparently,
so here we go.
What was that?
We can (bleep).
(Nilsa moaning)
Oh, my...
Oh, my God.
(gasping)
(Nilsa)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
(Kortni)
So, what happened
in your cab?
Codi was getting offensive
because I would...
I don't give a (bleep)
how drunk I was,
I would never (bleep) him.
So Kirk was like,
I wouldn't (bleep) you
if you was the last person
on the earth.
Bitch, first of all,
you're a liar.
I might be a little
junky and stuff,
but if I was the last
person on earth,
you would be happy
to (bleep) me.
Don't down me because
I don't want you.
(Kortni)
Exactly.
(Aimee)
You can't hurt my feelings
easily,
but Kirk and Codi,
they really did
make me feel
very self-conscious.
Don't do me like that.
Did y'all
have fun tonight?
I did.
(Gus)
I don't know, but I
know whose brother
is smashing Nilsa tonight.
(Codi)
You know, Aimee told me
she would not (bleep) me.
She said she wouldn't
(bleep) anybody in here--
Jeremiah, Kirk, Gus--
she won't (bleep) nobody.
(Kirk)
That sounds good when
no one's trying you up.
That's what I said.
And, honestly,
I love her to death,
but, in reality, I wouldn't
even look at her twice.
Who?
I wouldn't look
at her twice, either, but...
(Kirk)
I'm just saying,
you know, (bleep),
like, I know it sounds bad
and it sounds shallow,
but that's some real--
that's some real (bleep).
Right now, Kirk and Codi
are talking about Aimee
in a way
that's definitely rude.
She's literally
right outside.
Honestly, I probably wouldn't
even look at her once.
(Codi)
I think she's got
a great personality.
That's what attracts me
to her, her personality.
Same, 'cause we
got to know her.
But out, and I don't know that,
I'm not looking at you.
Yeah.
Dude, you guys just need
to chill with that
because it's cool to think that.
I understand that.
We can all have our personal
opinions about that,
but you don't say
that (bleep) out loud.
You don't know if
she's (bleep) listening.
I don't give a (bleep)
if she's listening or not.
I told her in the cab ride
home. Kirk, did I not?
You did.
And if she don't like it,
she don't like it.
If somebody that
I'm not attracted to
comes up to me in a bar and
says, "Hey, I'm feeling you,"
I'm gonna be like...
I'm gonna be respectful.
I'm not just gonna be like,
"Nah, you ugly."
That's not what I'm gonna say.
I'll be like,
"Look, I'm not interested."
You know what? Except
they're gonna say that.
You said if you saw her
in the club,
you wouldn't give her
a second look.
Yeah, that doesn't mean you're
gonna go to her, but, hey,
I'm not gonna give you
a second look and walk away.
What the (bleep) are you
talking about right now?
Nobody's talking
about that at all.
We're saying we're not gonna
put that situation in hand,
bro. What the (bleep)?
I already said if
I was going to the club
and I saw her,
I'm gonna talk to her.
I'm gonna flirt with her,
but I'm not just gonna
walk into the place and say,
"Oh. Oh, my God.
Damn. She's just
(bleep) amazing."
(Jeremiah)
This is really starting
to piss me off.
Aimee's opened up to us about
being in a bad relationship
from a man and told
that she doesn't look good.
Why would you continue
to prod on that?
It's as if Aimee needs more help
to (bleep) on herself.
You weren't in
our (bleep) cab ride.
She tried me and I
told her how it was.
All I'm saying is,
he's saying (bleep) out loud.
I'm saying it out loud
because if she
walks in right here,
I'm gonna let her know...
That's (bleep) rude to me.
(Codi)
Jeremiah thinks
he's so high and mighty
and I'm just...
I'm tired of it.
I'm just getting tired of it.
Well, I'm gonna express
my opinion on the subject.
(Kirk)
Jeremiah, I love you to death.
I love you to death,
but your opinion is not
always (bleep) right, bro.
I'm not saying it's always
right. I'm trying to express--
But you're making it seem
that (bleep) way, dawg.
You really are.
You can keep (bleep)
raising your voice
all you want to me.
I'm not raising my voice.
I'm talking to you
like a grown man
'cause you're
my (bleep) boy.
There's a lot of chaos
in the house right now.
There's been so much
yelling and screaming.
This could turn into
World War III.
You're just trying
to single me out
over some bull(bleep),
and I'm not--
I'm not gonna
listen to it.
I'm just expressing
my feelings on the subject.
I'm not gonna
listen to it.
I don't give a (bleep)
if she hears it or not.
Hey, it's over with.
It's over with.
I don't care.
It's over. It's over with.
It's over with.
You're not gonna (bleep)
talk school like that.
(Jeremiah)
I swear to God,
if he doesn't shut up,
I will freakin'
knock his ass out.
(Codi)
I'm sitting over here while
they (bleep) gang up on me,
and Jeremiah wants to
gang up on me. (Bleep) him.
We can talk outside.
Fine. I don't care.
You don't scare me.
Oh, my God, this is
getting out of hand.
♪♪
Can I take this off?
You can take it all off
if you want to.
Nilsa has a very attractive
friend named Katrina.
All right,
I'm gonna get a drink.
I can't even talk
right now. Bl-bl-bl...
'Cause that girl is crying
and I don't know why.
(crying)